📌 PC & NPC CHARACTER CREATION GUIDELINES
(CLOSED TO NEW CHARACTERS)
NCRP is a social-driven RP setting. Your character doesn’t need to be a badass solo or corpo exec to matter. What we care about is:
Characters with depth, flaws, and strong personalities
Hooks that allow other players and fixers to interact with you
Backstories that are grounded in Cyberpunk tone and tech
Chrome and enhancements that come with costs—mental, physical, or social
IF ITS NOT IN YOUR CHARACTER SHEET, IT DOESN'T EXIST!

PLEASE REMEMBER: Your choices in character have consequences.
For example: If you choose to be an corpo exec, you likely won't be hired as a merc, and may be mistrusted in general.

Characters evolve over time, evolution takes time. You need to convince others IN CHARACTER that you've changed.

If you only have a rough idea, that’s totally okay!
Just open a ticket and we’ll help.
---
⚠️ Current Character Restrictions
🚫 No Player Characters in MaxTac (NPC-only force)
🚫 No Exotics with wings or flight
🚫 No pain-dampening implants
🚫 You are not Him™
🚫 No oversized characters OR undersized characters, (Max 2meters/6ft 11in, Minimum 1.25m/4ft 5in).
🚫 No Custom Corps or Groups, we have a TON in ⁠lore , pick one. It will help integrate your character into storylines and give them connection to other characters.
⁠Story Leads - Who to contact
:warning~1:  All PCs MUST be human. 

EXOTICS:
Exotics = surgically or cybernetically modified humans who look non-human (furry, robotic, monstrous, etc).  They are still biologically human and must play by human limits.
---
🧠 Helpful Guides
📖 Character Building:
https://shorturl.at/XWtFL
If you don't know Cyberpunk 2077 or the Cyberpunk world in general, HAVE NO FEAR! this guide will teach you everything you need to know about the setting and how to create a character.
🧱 Character Concept Skeletons:
https://shorturl.at/Oq9uW
If you are at a loss of where to even begin with a character, these are basic ideas, archetypes, for characters that you can use at your pleasure.
🦾 Cyberware System:
https://shorturl.at/B1GbV
This system is made to ensure balance across players and ensure no one is overpowered. 
---
📝 NCRP CHARACTER SHEET TEMPLATE
🪪 Name:
🎂 Age:
🏳️ Pronouns:
💼 Occupation / Role in Night City:
🧠 Psychological Profile: 
Personality, trauma, behavior quirks, emotional tone.
🧍  Physical Description:
Height, build, notable features, species/exotic mods, general vibe.
🦾  Chrome / Implants:
Name the mods, what they do, and note any tradeoffs.
Note: Custom chrome and implants must be approved befor use
Slots, 1 Cyberware Implant per slot EXCEPT Miscellaneous which is unlimited:
Arms & Arm Attachments (1 slot per arm):
Auditory System:
Circulatory & Immune Systems:
Hands & Feet (2 slots):
Integumentary System:
Legs & Mobility (1 slot per leg):
Neural:
Ocular System:
Skeleton & Torso Musculature:
Universal Muscular (Arms/Legs/Tail):
Miscellaneous:
💉  Total Cyberware Points: 
MAX 6 at character creation
See our cyberware system here: https://shorturl.at/LdkiG
🧰  Skills / Talents / Abilities:
Non-cyber skills — hacking, stealth, combat styles, social tactics, etc.
🧱  Equipment / Armor / Weapons:
List all weapons, caliber, limitations, etc.
📜 Backstory:
Where they’re from, key life events, how they ended up in Night City, goals, dreams, etc
🏷️ Known Affiliations:
e.g. Corps, gangs, fixers, or other PCs.
🖼️ Reference Image(s): 
Art, screenshots, etc.
🤝  RP Hooks:
Optional -- What might draw others to interact with this character?
📎 Additional Notes:
Optional
