I want to do a couple things on the analytics page. Number one, at the very bottom, characters and players, it says active 163, dormant 260, and a bunch of other stuff. My question is wanting to see that over time. I want to see who, like, what characters are dropping off the active list, which ones are coming on the active list. I want to see it over time. I want to be able to tell how many characters are coming in and out, if we're growing, if we're shrinking, everything. With the top worlds by instance hours, I would like to be able to see in the VRChat instances, when I click on a week, I want to see all the instances that week. I want to see the peak number, average, median. I want to see how long it went. I want to see the population over time so I could see, like, you know, it growing and shrinking over time for each instance that week. So right now we have a bar graph with instances and hours. I should just be able to click on instances for each week and be able to see a drill down into that. Same thing with these top worlds by instance hours. I want to be able to click on each world and have a drop down that shows me every world that we're talking about here and what the peaks are. Also on missions, same thing. I want to be able to click on a week and have it show me all the missions and the payouts divided by actor and player. So I can see how many actors were paid X amount, players were paid X amount, and for each mission and when the mission was. For the economy created versus destroyed a week, I want to be able to click on a week and get a drill down on what exactly was created and destroyed. Right now I can hover over it and see it, but I want to see it in more detail. And I want to be able to click on like destroyed other and get a list of what it's saying is destroyed other. So it says right now, for this last week, 297,556 was destroyed other. I want to know what that is. Under the characters created and edit submissions, there is one gigantic bar on 5/24 because that's when all the characters were imported. We shouldn't have that there. That's skewing the whole thing because it says 331. Under the visitors and logins, we don't see anything until 7/12. That's the way it should be. That's fine. That's it.